[PDE-3714] BREAKING CHANGE (core) Upgrade to node v16 (#603)
zapier/zapier-platform: packages/cli/README.md

### Why doesn't Zapier support newer versions of Node.js?

> We run your code on AWS Lambda, which only supports a few [versions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/programming-model.html) of Node (the latest of which is `v16`. As that updates, so too will we.

Reviewer: Same comment as above, we are not currently in parity with Lambda Node releases. Considering the question this is answering, it's probably worth re-wording this...

```suggestion
We run your code on AWS Lambda, which only supports a few [versions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/programming-model.html) of Node. We periodically update the runtime version of Node to keep up with the latest supported version in AWS Lambda.
```
